# Changelog
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## Note

This is the *Changelog* for the `1.0.0-beta.x` releases.
See [1.x.md](1.x.md) for the stable `1.x` *Changelog*.

## [1.0.0-beta.6]
- This is the **final** beta version. 
- Version `1.0.0` will be this but with the docs updated a bit.
### Added
- More tests for the `types` module.
- Changelog file for the upcoming `1.x` *stable* releases.
### Changed
- Removed some convoluted options from `def()`.
- Reworked `types.stringify()` to handle recursive mode better.
- Added `Error` stringification to `types.stringify()`

## [1.0.0-beta.5] - 2022-07-18
### Added
- A new `types.stringify()` method.
- Shortcut `string` options for the `types.def()` method.
- A `build-docs` script in `package.json`.
### Changed
- Overhauled all DocBlocks to conform to `JSDoc 3` format.
- Changed `context.has` to support a magic `Proxy` version.
- Some tweaks to `Enum` to cleanup some things.
- Both `Enum` and `observable` use `TYPES.add()` now.
- In `modules.name()` nixed `opts.noAuto` and added `opts.useAuto` instead.
- Created explicit `exports` definition in `package.json` with our sub-modules.
### Fixed
- Fixed a property definition issue in `obj.SOA()`. 

## [1.0.0-beta.4] - 2022-07-15
### Added
- Two new clone modes:
  - `CLONE.DEEP` : A recursive clone of enumerable properties.
  - `CLONE.ENTIRE` : A recursive clone of all properties.
- Added `types.isa()` which wraps `isType()` and `isInstance()` along with some added magic that makes it a generic *smart match* function.
- Added `types.needs()` which does for `isa()` what `needOb()` and `needType()` do for `isObj()` and `isType()` respectively.
- A `jsdoc.json` based on the one from the old [Lum.js](https://github.com/supernovus/lum.js) codebase.
- A temporary `test` script to the `package.json` which uses the `prove` utility from Perl 5.
### Removed
- Removed `descriptors` and `prop()` modules.
  - They'll be in a new `@lumjs/compat` library for legacy compatibility code.
### Changed
- Updated this *changelog* which I forgot to do last time.
- Fixed some formatting in the changelog.
- Split `types` into separated files.
- Moved/renamed a few functions:
  - `types.containsAny()` → `arrays.containsAny()`
  - `types.containsAll()` → `arrays.containsAll()`
  - `types.removeFromArray()` → `arrays.removeItems()`
  - `types.NYI()` → `meta.NYI()`
- Updated tests to reflect the moved/renamed functions.
- Enhanced `def()` function as it has fully replaced `prop()` now.
  - Has a new `opts` parameter which can be used for a few different options.
  - Allows assigning a *getter* and *setter* without using a descriptor.
- Updated `lazy()` to be an extension of `def()` instead of `prop()`.
- Updated `obj/clone` and `obj/lock` to remove use of `descriptors` magic.
- Updated `CLONE` mode documentation to use a table format.
- A few minor tweaks and cleanups related to the rest of the above changes.
- Updated [../../TODO.md](TODO.md) with the plans for the final `1.0.0` release.

## [1.0.0-beta.3] - 2022-07-11
### Added
- `core.context.hasRequire`: A boolean value indicating `require()`
- `core.context.isNode`: A boolean value guessing the environment is node.js
### Changed
- `core.context.CJS`: Made slightly tighter in definition.
- `core.modules.name()`: Made it more flexible.
- `core.obj`: Changed namespace exports.
### Fixed
- `core.modules.name()`: Actually return the value!

## [1.0.0-beta.2] - 2022-07-08
### Changed
- Renamed `src` to `lib` as we're not compiling/transpiling this code.
- Moved `index.js` into `lib` with the rest of the module files.
- Added `modules.js` with a method for generating a name/id for a module.
- Added `isSearch()`,`isReplacement()`, and `replaceItems()` to `strings.js`.

## [1.0.0-beta.1] - 2022-07-07
### Added
- Initial release.
- Pulled a bunch of the core libraries from the old Lum.js project.
- Refactored and reorganized the libraries a lot.

[1.0.0-beta.6]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.0.0-beta.5...v1.0.0-beta.6
[1.0.0-beta.5]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.0.0-beta.4...v1.0.0-beta.5
[1.0.0-beta.4]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.0.0-beta.3...v1.0.0-beta.4
[1.0.0-beta.3]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.0.0-beta.2...v1.0.0-beta.3
[1.0.0-beta.2]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.0.0-beta.1...v1.0.0-beta.2
[1.0.0-beta.1]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/releases/tag/v1.0.0-beta.1

