# Changelog → 1.x

This is the changelog for the `1.x` versions.

See [Changelogs](index.md) for more information on the changelogs.

## [Unreleased]

## [1.38.4] - 2025-11-26
### Changed
- Added options for how `types.stringify` serializes objects.
  The next release will split that module into a separate package.

## [1.38.3] - 2025-11-21
### Added
- `obj.makeTyped()` and associated `obj.ConvertType` for merging multiple
  TypedArray objects into a single new one.
- `obj.discrete()` returns a new object with `null` prototype.
- `types.isDiscreteObject()` tests for objects with a null prototype.
- `types.TypedArray` export of internal abstract class/interface.
### Changed
- `types.isTypedArray()` rewritten to be simpler.
- `obj.df()` has been tweaked a bit in regards to its `opts` argument.
  - It can now be specified as a boolean to represent `opts.useDesc`.
  - If it is a function, and the `value` is also a function, then the
    value will be used as a getter and the opts as a setter.
    A bit closer to how `def()` worked while still keeping things
    fairly simple. This replaces the `dfb()` function entirely.
  - Renamed `obj.dfc` to `obj.dfor` (the `df.for` alias is unchanged).
- Fully replaced `types.lazy` implementation with the `obj.lazy`.
  Any use of either `types.lazy` or `types.def.lazy` will continue to
  work (using `obj.lazy` behind the scenes), but will show deprecation
  messages to help in tracking down any uses of the deprecated APIs.
- Moved the `events` module into [@lumjs/events] package, and split
  the Observable API layer into [@lumjs/events-observable].
- Added temporary compatibility wrappers for the event related stuff.
### Removed
- `obj.dfb`/`obj.df.both` as unnecessary given the changes to `df()`.
- `obj.dfc` (renamed `dfor`).
- A bunch of stuff for events that was moved into one of the new packages.

## [1.38.2] - 2025-04-02
### Fixed
- `UniqueObjectIds` class now works properly if the target is a
  function rather than an object.
### Added
- `obj.nsFactory()` wrap the `*ObjectPath()` functions for a target.
### Changed
- `obj.delObjectPath` alias to `obj.ns.delObjectPath` function.
- `obj.ns.setObjectPath` overhaul.
  - Now handles options more like getObjectPath.
  - Can use the df() function instead of def().
  - Tweaks to the value assignment logic.
  - A bit more prep for the upcoming 2.x revolution.
- Rename `rules` to `rulesets` in the docblocks for `types.isa`.

## [1.38.1] - 2025-03-14 
***"assignd null at df"***
### Fixed
- An issue in `obj.assignd()` related to null/undefined values.
### Added
- `obj.dfb()` a wrapper around `obj.df()` for quickly defining
  accessor properties that have BOTH a getter and setter.
### Changed
- Changed the options for `obj.df()` in regards to determining
  if the value passed is a descriptor.
- Split the `test/types.js` into `types-basics.js` and `types-def.js`.
  I'll use the latter as the basis for tests for the `df*` functions.
- Added a closure for `dfb()` to `dfc()`.
- More minor df* related tweaks.
- Updated the TODO and some comments a bit more in regards to my plans.
### Next up
- I'll be starting the TODO items for the `v1.38.x` releases.

## [1.38.0] - 2025-03-13
***"assignd object at def"***
### Added
- `obj.assignd` function that acts like `Object.assign()`,
  but uses `Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptors()` on each
  source object and assigns the properties via their descriptors,
  so non-enumerable properties and accessor properties are handled.
- `obj.df()` my third generation `Object.defineProperty()` wrapper.
  It's **much** simpler than `types.def()`, which over time became
  almost as bloated as the `prop()` function it replaced.
- `obj.dfa()` wraps `obj.df()` to provide the ability to define
  multiple properties at once (like `Object.defineProperties()`).
- `obj.dfc()` creates closures around `df()` and `dfa()` that allow
  defining properties using a chained syntax.
### Changed
- `types.needObj()` and `types.needType()` were refactored significantly.
  They have named options by default, but also support the older
  positional arguments. There's a few new features that can only be
  used via the named arguments.
- Updated the TODO file with a few more plans for the upcoming v2.

## [1.37.2] - 2024-11-15
***"Unbound Adventures"***
### Changed
- `types.unbound()` got a big refactoring.
  - Supports named options now.
  - Deprecated the older positional arguments.
  - `opts.nil` can be used to toggle whether `null` and `undefined` are
    always considered unbound. The default is `true` for now, but that
    may change in a future release (not before v3.0 at least.)
  - The `list` of additional unbound values may be a `Set` now.
  - Converted the internal (global) list into a `Set`.
  - Deprecated the internal list; to be removed as of v2.0.
  - Deprecated the `unbound.add()` and `unbound.remove()` methods as
    they were specifically to work with the internal list.
- `types.def()` function got a small refactoring.
  - It no longer uses `types.unbound()` internally, as it's version of
    binding has a very specific design that is much easier to detect
    than relying on an external function.

## [1.37.1] - 2024-11-01
### Fixed
- A typo in `types/isa` sub-module that caused errant validation failure.
### Changed
- A bunch of tweaks to the `events` module in preparation
  for the upcoming package split.
  - Made `Symbol` event type support explicit.
  - Anywhere `eventNames` was used now also has `eventTypes` which will 
    be the preferred name going forward (the older name will be left as
    an alias for the indefinite future.)
  - Additional metadata (still undocumented) added for future expansion.
- Updated TODO with more detailed plans for the path towards 2.0!

## [1.37.0] - 2024-10-25
### Added
- `obj.unlocked()` function (replacement for `obj.cloneIfLocked()`).
### Changed
- `events.Registry` options have been rejigged a bit.
  - New `.extend.{targets,listeners,results,onDemand}` boolean options.
  - `.extend` itself should always be an `object` now if specified.
  - Listener instances and emit status results are now extended by default.
  - Some more enhancements.
- Updated TODO with some new plans for splitting the core up even more.

## [1.36.0] - 2024-10-17
### Added
- `getTrait()` and `getTraits()` functions to the `core.traits` module.
### Changed
- Re-arranged `core.traits` source.
- `registerTrait()` returns the registry object instead of void.

## [1.35.1] - 2024-10-03
### Added
- `core.events.hasTrigger()` function (meant to add this in `1.35.0`)
- `core.events.Observable` link to the sub-module for completeness.
### Fixed
- A duplicated logic issue in `events.Registry#extend`

## [1.35.0] - 2024-10-03
### Added
- Two new tests to the `types/basics` sub-module:
  - `isPlainObject()`
  - `isClassObject()`
- New `traits.ensureConstructor` function.
### Changed
- Original `core.observable` is now `core.observable.orig`
- The `core.observable()` function determines whether to use the
  original implementation or the compatibility wrapper based on
  the arguments passed to it.
- Tweaked the `traits` module to add some optional advanced features.
- Moved some more docblocks from various modules into src/docs.

## [1.34.0] - 2024-10-01
### Added
- `core.events.observable` compatibility wrapper.
### Changed
- A bunch of little updates to `events` module to support the
  new observable compatibility wrapper.
- Rewrote `types.stringify()` entirely, now uses a class,
  and is a lot more robust (handles recursive references, etc.)
- Refactored the tests for `observable` so they also can work with
  the observable compatibility wrapper (which has some subtle differences).
### Fixed
- A crashing bug in `cp.clone()`.

## [1.33.0] - 2024-09-19
### Added
- `core.obj.delObjectPath()` function.
### Fixed
- `core.obj.setObjectPath()` logic fails and unresolved functions.
### Changed
- Moved docblocks from the main index to a separate file.
- Overhauled the `core/state` module I added yesterday, it's much better now.
- `core.deprecated()` uses the state to enable trace-mode now.

## [1.32.0] - 2024-09-18
### Added
- `core/state` module. Needs documenting.
- `events.extend()` function, it's `register()` but returns the target.
### Changed
- `events.Registry` now allows unregistering, and a few other tweaks.

## [1.31.0] - 2024-09-09
### Added
- New `core/obj/cp` module. Provides alternatives to the `obj.copyProps()`
  and `obj.clone()` functions, which I'm planning to phase out in `2.0`.
- New `core/events` module. Will eventually replace `core.observable`,
  likely also in one of the upcoming `2.x` releases.
### Changed
- A couple tweaks to the `core.Enum` library.
- Updated a lot of DocBlocks.
- Overhauled how documentation is generated.
  - Created a new [@lumjs/build] package to help make this easier.

## [1.30.0] - 2024-08-23
### Note
- This is a huge update, and honestly a lot of it could have waited until 
  the `2.0` release, but I wanted to help make a cleaner transition.
- There may be a few patch releases to fix bugs or mark other things
  as deprecated, but this should be the last big `1.x` release.
- Version `2.0` is my next target when I work on this again.
### Changed
- A major overhaul to the `core.def` function, and its `DescriptorTemplate`
  internal class. This introduces whole new APIs, but done so as
  to not break the existing APIs. After ensuring that all the existing
  tests still work, I added tests for the new functionality.
- Updated the `core.console` library to make it easier to use.
  - It can now export itself to the `globalThis.console` to replace the
    native console for the duration of a process, then restore the native
    console when it's finished.
- Updated the `core.Enum` function with a bunch of enhancements.
- Moved `AbstractClass` out of the `meta` module into an `old` module
  which will be removed in the `2.x` branch.
- A bunch of minor refactoring to the `objectid` anonymous module.
- A massive refactoring to the entire `opt` module.
  - It's now split into a bunch of smaller submodules.
  - The `opt/args` submodule is now available as an external export.
  - Moved the `Opts` class into its own package. See the top-level README
    for further details on that change and what will happen in the future.
- A fairly decent overhaul to the `types` module which cleans up its code
  and makes the `types.JS` constants actually _constant_.
  - `types/basic` and `types/def` are now available as external exports.
### Added
- The `deprecated()` function in the `meta` module.
- A new `wrapDepr()` function in the `meta` module which adds a getter 
  property to an object that when accessed calls `deprecated()` with
  a deprecation message, before returning the actual property value.
### Fixed
- A few minor (and a few not-so-minor) bugs.

## [1.26.0] - 2024-07-23
### Added
- `opt.argOpts()` helper function which allows functions to support
  optional positional arguments, and named options at the same time.
- `opt.getPath()` an alternative to `opt.get()` that uses the
  `obj.getObjectPath()` function to handle getting nested properties.
- `opt.Opts.isPath()` static helper function.
- `opt.Opts#_opts()` internal method to normalize options.
- `opt.Opts#find()` method which is basically a version of `#get()`
  that can look for multiple option names/paths, and will return the
  first one that has a defined value.
### Changed
- `obj.ns` has a new `opts.allowFun` option.
- `opt.val()` and `opt.get()` now use `opt.argOpts()` for optional args.
- `opt.Opts#get()` can use either `opt.get()` or `opt.getPath()` depending
  on either an explicit option, or the result of an `isPath()` test.
  Also is now using the `_opts()` method to normalize its options.
### Fixed
- Time-traveling in the CHANGELOG.
- `obj.ns` passing `opts` as a `bool` was broken.
- `opt.Opts#add()` was ignoring the current position due to old
  unused code from original prototype still being in place.
### Note
- Many of these changes were implemented back in May.
  A few have been tweaked a bit since, but I forgot to commit them
  into a new release until late July. Oops!

## [1.25.2] - 2024-05-14
### Added
- One more function to the `traits` module to make it more usable.

## [1.25.1] - 2024-05-13
### Changed
- Before using it in anything, overhauled the new `traits` module,
  as the previous implementation was flawed in several ways.

## [1.25.0] - 2024-05-09
### Added
- `types.isConstructor()` - Checks for a function with a prototype.
- A new `traits` module implementing a pretty basic _traits_ system.

## [1.24.2] - 2024-04-29
### Fixed
- The last patch broke things even more than the bug it fixed.

## [1.24.1] - 2024-04-25
### Fixed
- The test for `core.context.isBrowser` was seriously broken.

## [1.24.0] - 2025-04-22
### Added
- `maps.getSymbolMap()` → Moved from `@lumjs/web-core/utils` module.
- `maps.getSymbolCache()` → A new extension of `getSymbolMap()`.
### Changed
- Deprecated `obj.{copyAll,duplicateOne,duplicateAll}` functions.
- Overhaul of the `types.isa` documentation.
- Renamed a few variables/arguments in `types.isa` and related functions.
- Updated TODO doc to outline plans for a proposed `v2.x` release.
### Fixed
- `types.unbound.remove()` has been broken since `1.0.0-beta.4`, oops!

## [1.23.0] - 2025-04-17
### Added
- `types.isIterable()` test.
- `types.OfTest` class that now powers `isArrayOf()` and its new siblings.
- `types.isListOf()` function that tests any kind of `Iterable` list.
- `types.isMapOf()` function that tests `Map` for valid _keys_ and _values_.
- `types.isObjOf()` function that tests _plain objects_ enumerable properties.
- `types.OfTest.Rules` class that may be used by `isObjOf()` to differenciate 
  explicit optional _rules_ from implicit object _values_.
- `types.isObjOf.rules()` returns `new types.OfTest.Rules(...arguments)`.
- `obj.flipKeyVal()` flip keys and values in a plain `object`.
- `obj.flipMap()` flip keys and values in a `Map`.
- `obj.flip()` call `flipMap()` for `Map` instances or `flipKeyVal()` otherwise.
### Changed
- `types.isArrayOf()` was rewritten to use the new `OfTest` class.
### Fixed
- `console` sub-module is now exported in `package.json:exports`.

## [1.22.0] - 2025-04-12
### Added
- A new `UniqueObjectIds` class, defined alongside `randomNumber`.
- A new `AbstractError` error class, defined in `meta` sub-module.
### Changed
- Deprecated the `types.instanceOf()` function.
  - Will be removed entirely in the future.
- Tweaked the `isa()` function a bit.
  - Changed the default value of the `instanceof` option to `true`.
  - Will remove `instanceof` entirely in a future release.
  - Removed the `typeof` option entirely; it was useless.
- Deprecated the `AbstractClass` class, defined in `meta` sub-module.
  - It is badly designed and I've never once used it.
  - Throwing an `AbstractError` is a much better solution.

## [1.21.0] - 2024-04-04
### Changed
- `observable()` added `redefine` argument.
- `observable()` added `opts.reinherit` option.
- `observable:${addre}()` added `inherit` argument.
- `isObservable()` fixed test to support `function` targets.

## [1.20.0] - 2024-03-18
### Added
- `core.types.isArrayOf()` method.
### Changed
- Enhanced the `core.types.isa()` method a bit.

## [1.19.0] - 2024-03-14
### Added
- `core.types.ownCount()` method.
### Changed
- The `core.types.console` is now `core.console`.
  An alias to the old name is still available for now.
- Some formatting cleanups.

## [1.18.0] - 2023-11-23
### Fixed
- The `maps` lib was overwriting the `arrays` lib in the lazy loader.
- This changelog was missing the diff URL.
### Added
- Added new `arrays.add` sub-library with some useful functions.
### Changed
- Split up `arrays` from a single file to a folder layout.
- Updated `opt.Opts` to use `arrays.add.insert()` function.

## [1.17.0] - 2023-11-22
### Added
- `observable`:
  - Added `opts.wrapsetup` to allow setup functions on event wrapper objects.
  - Added `opts.wraplock` to make locking the wrapper object configurable.
  - Added `target` and `type` properties to event wrapper object.
    They are aliases to `self` and `name` respectively, but designed to be more
    like native DOM Events.
- `opt`:
  - Added `lazyArgs` positional argument to `val()` and `get()` functions.
  - A new `Opts` class for handling multiple sources of options.
- `map`: A new library for functions related to `Map` objects.
  - Added the `mapOf()` function as the first feature of this library.
- `strings`: A new `replaceAsync()` function that allows async functions
  to be used in search and replace operations.

## [1.16.0] - 2023-06-08
### Added
- `core.obj.apply`: apply functions or set properties on an object.
- `core.obj.copyProps.cache`: Cached `core.obj~CopyProps` instances.
  - Versions of `cp.into()` and `cp.from()` that cache the instances.
  - `cp.cache.into(target)`: Get an instance for a single `target`.
  - `cp.cache.from(source)`: Get an instance for a single `source`.
- `core.types.TYPES.SET`: A type test for `Set` objects.
### Changed
- `core.obj~CopyProps#set`:
  - Supports setting multiple options by passing an `object`.
- `core.types.console`:
  - Now supports _per-method_ handlers; with an optional `DEFAULT` fallback.
  - New `methodArg` option for passing method name to `function` handlers.
  - New `msgArguments` option for including `arguments` _object_ in log.
  - New `msgArgs` option for including `args` _array_ in log.
  - The global options can be overridden by properties defined in:
    - A _per-method_ definition object.
    - An individual `function` or `Array` handler.
## [1.15.0] - 2023-06-07
### Added
- `core.arrays.List` class to abstract different types of lists.
### Changed
- `core.arrays.{containsAny,containsAll,removeItems}` use the new `List` class.
- Removed the enumerable prop from the `core.*` exports.
### Fixed
- `arrays.removeItems` was only removing the first instance of a value.

## [1.14.0] - 2023-05-18
### Changed
- Made the `core.context` more robust.
  - Greatly expanded Node.js detection with new `Node` property.
  - Added a new `Electron` property for detection of Electron.js environments.
  - Minor tweaks to other properties for more completion and accuracy.

## [1.13.0] - 2023-05-12
### Added
- `obj.getMethods()` gets a list of object methods.
  - Recurses through prototype tree.
  - Supports advanced filtering techniques via `MethodFilter` class.
- `obj.MethodFilter` class; mostly used by `getMethods()`.
- `obj.signatureOf()` gets function signatures.

## [1.12.1] - 2023-02-11
### Fixed
- Dependency issues in `clone` and `lock` due to the previous `Enum` changes.
- The `lazy()` function now returns the target, like the docs said it did. 

## [1.12.0] - 2023-02-02
### Changed
- Enhanced the `Enum` generator.
  - The `opts.counter` is always used regardless of `opts.flags`.
  - If `opts.open` is `true`, that will overrule `opts.lock` now.
  - If `opts.lock` is not a valid value, a `TypeError` will be thrown.
  - Actually wrote the docblock for the function.

## [1.11.0] - 2023-01-24
### Changed
- Major overhaul of `observable`
  - `isObservable` property is now a nested object.
  - Added `wrapargs` in addition to `wrapthis`.
  - Added `addre` to add a method to change observable options.
  - Removed legacy `addme` default value when using `wrapthis`.
  - Added `args` to wrapper object.
  - Added a version of `isObservable` to the wrapper object.
  - Wrapper object is now locked (frozen).
  - Use the core type name constants.
  - Rewrote `onEachEvent()`, uses `.split()` instead of `.replace()`
  - Added a `$$observable$$` metadata property for debugging.
### Fixed
- In `observable`, the first event name was not considered `typed` due
  to the old `onEachEvent()` method. That is now fixed.

## [1.10.0] - 2023-01-19
### Fixed
- The `core.opt` lazy loader works properly now.
### Changed
- The `core.context` vars have been changed quite a bit.
  The context now works in more environments, and supports Webpack properly.
- Rearranged `exports` in `package.json` to be in alphabetical order. 
## [1.9.0] - 2023-01-16
### Changed
- The `test` handler configuration.
- Changed `test.output()` to `test.done()` in all tests.
### Added
- New `core.types.console` simple helper object.

## [1.8.2] - 2023-01-06
### Changed
- How the objectid and meta properties are exported to `core`.

## [1.8.1] - 2023-01-06
### Fixed
- Debugging line left in accidently.

## [1.8.0] - 2023-01-06
### Changed
- MAJOR CHANGE: After making everything use ModuleBuilder, I'm deprecating it.
  - It's cool in theory, but doesn't translate well when using webpack, etc.
  - It also locks the libraries into using CommonJS, which I don't want to do.
  - I've moved it into the `@lumjs/compat/modulebuilder` namespace.
  - A `@lumjs/compat/modulebuilder/into-core` helper can add it back to `core`.
- I removed the `core.modules` lazy property.
  - Use `require('@lumjs/core/modules')` to load that library explicitly.
  - This will be the path going forward for any code that is node.js specific.
### Added
- A new descriptor template builder. To be documented soon.
### Fixed
- Added some missing reference links to this changelog.

## [1.7.1] - 2022-10-18
### Fixed
- Corrected some DocBlocks that hadn't been updated.
### Changed
- Made *locale* functionality in `ModuleBuilder` simpler.
- Added some shortcuts for defining module names in `ModuleBuilder`.

## [1.7.0] - 2022-10-17
### Changed
- The `ModuleBuilder.build()` now exports a link to `def()` as well.
- Added `core.newBuilder()` shortcut function that calls `core.ModuleBuilder.new()`.
- Added `core.obj.duplicateOne()` and `core.obj.duplicateAll()` functions,
  also available as `core.obj.copyAll.clone` and `core.obj.copyAll.duplicate`.
- ModuleBuilder uses `duplicateOne` instead of its own cheap `clone` function.
- Added `ModuleBuilder#set` method as a direct `core.def()` wrapper.
- Added `set()` wrapper to `ModuleBuilder.build()` output.
- ModuleBuilder detects accessor-style descriptors and doesn't try wrapping them.
- Significant refactoring of `core/obj/copyprops` module.
  - Fixed several options that weren't handled correctly.
  - Added a new `recursive` mode that can recursively merge nested objects.
  - Added a new `CopyProps` class for calling `copyProps()` with more than one
    source or target object using a declarative syntax.
- Rewrote `core/obj/merge.mergeNested()` method entirely.
  The new version simply wraps the recursive mode of `copyProps()`.
- Gave `needObj()` a secondary API where the `allowFunc` argument is skipped.

## [1.6.1] - 2022-10-13
### Added
- A `core.buildModule()` wrapper function that calls `core.ModuleBuilder.build()`.
### Fixed
- DocBlock with wrong property name.
- Changelog version pointers.

## [1.6.0] - 2022-10-13
### Added
- New `ModuleBuilder` class for defining modules in a really lazy way.
### Changed
- Made `core.obj` and `core.Enum` into lazy-loading properties.
- Made `core` use the new `ModuleBuilder` for defining its properties.

## [1.5.2] - 2022-10-05
### Changed
- Added separate `.npmignore` file.

## [1.5.1] - 2022-09-29
### Changed
- Removed `constructor()` from `AbstractClass`.
- Added `$needs()` to `AbstractClass`.
### Fixed
- `AbstractClass` actually works properly now.

## [1.5.0] - 2022-09-27
### Changed
- Updated a few DocBlocks.
- Added a couple explicitly named options to `def()`
- Rewrote the default module to use `def()` to define its exported properties.
- Made `arrays`, `strings`, `flags`, `opt`, `modules`, and `observable` use `lazy()`.
### Fixed
- Fixed `def()` so that the descriptor defaults are applied properly.
- Fixed `lazy()` so it returns a proper value and not a descriptor on first access.

## [1.4.0] - 2022-09-26
### Changed
- Moved `lazy` into `types` module by default (leaving an alias in `core`).
- Completely rewrote the `lazy` function entirely.
- Greatly extended the documentation for `lazy` function.
- Removed an unused development artefact from `types.needs`.

## [1.3.1] - 2022-09-23
### Fixed
- The `arrays` module exports `powerset` and `random` as it should.
- Recursive dependency order issues with `clone`, `lock`, and `enum` resolved.
- Custom `lock` options in `enum` module actually work now.
### Changed
- The `Enum()` function now has `configurable` and `enumerable` options.
- The `configurable` property in `enums` defaults to `false` now.
- Tweaked the *changelogs* a bit and added a new [changelog listing](index.md).

## [1.3.0] - 2022-09-11
### Changed
- Overhauled the `obj.clone()` method.
- Added *named options* for all of the behaviours that the `CLONE` *modes* affect.
  While this technically could make the *modes* obsolete, I'm leaving them in as
  simple sets of default options that can be used instead of manually choosing all
  of the individual options.
- Added a new `CLONE.N` *mode* which has **no** options turned on.
  It will always remain first in the *enum* list so it's value will always be `0`.
- Added the ability to clone properties using their descriptors.
  It is enabled by default on most of the *modes* now, as it simply makes sense.
- Added the ability to set the `prototype` on the cloned object.
- The `opts` parameter of `clone()` may be a `CLONE.*` enum value.
  It's a shortcut for `{mode: CLONE.MODE}` for convenience.
- A small tweak to `obj.copyProps()`, not important, just a cleanup.
### Fixed
- A reference in the DocBlock for `obj.getProperty()`.

## [1.2.1] - 2022-09-05
### Added
- `core.InternalObjectId#untag()`
### Changed
- Cleaned up the wording in a docblock, and updated a test to use `done()`.

## [1.2.0] - 2022-08-10
### Added
- Moved the `array.powerset()` and `array.random()` methods from Lum.js v4 into `core.arrays`.
- Added a new `core.context.isCommonJS()` method which is only used in certain circumstances.

### Fixed 
- A typo in one of the `package.json` exports.
- Commented out a debugging line.

## [1.1.1] - 2022-08-02
### Fixed
- A couple missing constants in some functions.

## [1.1.0] - 2022-07-29
### Added
- `types.doesDescriptorTemplate()` method.
- `obj.getProperty()` method (used to be in the `descriptors` sub-module.)
### Changed
- Tweaked documentation for:
  - `obj.getObjectPath()`
  - `obj.setObjectPath()`
  - `obj.getNamespace()`
  - `obj.setNamespace()`
- Updated error messages in `obj.setObjectPath()`
- Made `obj.setObjectPath()` use `types.doesDescriptorTemplate()` for validation of `opts.desc` option.
- Changed `obj.getObjectPath()` and `obj.setObjectPath()` to support `function` parent objects.
- Enhanced `types.stringify()` to support `RegExp` as well as supporting custom extensions down the road.

## [1.0.0] - 2022-07-27
### Changed
- Initial *stable* release.
- See [1.0-beta.md](1.0-beta.md) for the beta versions of `1.0`
- See [lum.js](https://github.com/supernovus/lum.js) for the original library set this is replacing.


[Unreleased]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.38.4...HEAD
[1.38.4]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.38.3...v1.38.4
[1.38.3]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.38.2...v1.38.3
[1.38.2]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.38.1...v1.38.2
[1.38.1]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.38.0...v1.38.1
[1.38.0]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.37.2...v1.38.0
[1.37.2]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.37.1...v1.37.2
[1.37.1]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.37.0...v1.37.1
[1.37.0]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.36.0...v1.37.0
[1.36.0]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.35.1...v1.36.0
[1.35.1]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.35.0...v1.35.1
[1.35.0]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.34.0...v1.35.0
[1.34.0]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.33.0...v1.34.0
[1.33.0]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.32.0...v1.33.0
[1.32.0]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.31.0...v1.32.0
[1.31.0]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.30.0...v1.31.0
[1.30.0]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.26.0...v1.30.0
[1.26.0]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.25.2...v1.26.0
[1.25.2]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.25.1...v1.25.2
[1.25.1]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.25.0...v1.25.1
[1.25.0]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.24.2...v1.25.0
[1.24.2]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.24.1...v1.24.2
[1.24.1]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.24.0...v1.24.1
[1.24.0]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.23.0...v1.24.0
[1.23.0]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.22.0...v1.23.0
[1.22.0]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.21.0...v1.22.0
[1.21.0]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.20.0...v1.21.0
[1.20.0]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.19.0...v1.20.0
[1.19.0]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.18.0...v1.19.0
[1.18.0]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.17.0...v1.18.0
[1.17.0]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.16.0...v1.17.0
[1.16.0]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.15.0...v1.16.0
[1.15.0]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.14.0...v1.15.0
[1.14.0]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.13.0...v1.14.0
[1.13.0]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.12.1...v1.13.0
[1.12.1]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.12.0...v1.12.1
[1.12.0]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.11.0...v1.12.0
[1.11.0]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.10.0...v1.11.0
[1.10.0]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.9.0...v1.10.0
[1.9.0]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.8.2...v1.9.0
[1.8.2]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.8.1...v1.8.2
[1.8.1]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.8.0...v1.8.1
[1.8.0]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.7.1...v1.8.0
[1.7.1]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.7.0...v1.7.1
[1.7.0]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.6.1...v1.7.0
[1.6.1]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.6.0...v1.6.1
[1.6.0]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.5.1...v1.6.0
[1.5.1]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.5.0...v1.5.1
[1.5.0]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.4.0...v1.5.0
[1.4.0]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.3.1...v1.4.0
[1.3.1]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.3.0...v1.3.1
[1.3.0]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.2.1...v1.3.0
[1.2.1]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.2.0...v1.2.1
[1.2.0]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.1.1...v1.2.0
[1.1.1]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.1.0...v1.1.1
[1.1.0]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/compare/v1.0.0...v1.1.0
[1.0.0]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.core.js/releases/tag/v1.0.0

[@lumjs/build]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.build.js
[@lumjs/events]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.events.js
[@lumjs/events-observable]: https://github.com/supernovus/lum.events-observable.js
